Previously on "God Friended me"...
I appreciate you not mentioning
the whole God Account thing.
Yeah, you know, it was
never my story to tell.
Lester and the board requested
that I come to Harlem
Episcopal to replace you.
I'm being pushed out? Is that it?
Arthur, they're nominating you
to become Bishop of New York.
I've been looking for
someone like you, Rakesh.
Someone who could kind
of be my right hand.
You said it from the beginning, Miles.
You weren't chosen at random.
You just need to find the connection
between you and Simon Hayes.
Come on, you have to
kiss her. It's bad luck.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So FreeVerse only hosts
11 shows, but 2 of them
made iTunes top 100, so who knows?
Maybe after this meeting
The Millennial Prophet
will make that list, too.
- What?
- Who are you?
Bro, the Miles I know would
be worried about everything
that could go wrong and
prepare himself for,
like, disappointment.
Okay, well, what can I say?
I am in a positive state of mind.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Even after your disaster
of a date with Cara?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, who said
it was ever a disaster?
Uh, you did, unless I'm
missing something.
Well, you know, my friend,
a gentleman never kisses and tells.
You kissed?
Miles, this is huge!
Miles, that's great!
Okay, yes, yes, we kissed, but we're...
we're taking our time, okay?
Seeing what happens.
Okay, you've been taking your
time for a couple months now.
I suggest speeding things up a little.
You know what? I know,
we should go, like,
on a double date when Jaya comes back.
One step at a time, Rakesh. I gotta go.
I'm meeting the head of FreeVerse here.
All right-y, good luck, man.
I apologize for not getting
back to you sooner.
We get hundreds of podcast
submissions every month,
and I listen to all of them.
Wow, that is dedication.
I think FreeVerse can put
The Millennial Prophet on the map.
Just like Serial did for
This American Life.
Well, that sounds great.
But there's just one thing.
Look, I've been down this road before,
okay, and I know that at a certain point
someone's gonna ask me
to change my message.
I won't.
You've got lightning in a bottle, Miles.
We can't pay you much, and you'd
have to record from home.
But the upside is, no one is
looking over your shoulder.
The only thing we ask for in
return is that we maintain
exclusive rights to our
shows and content.
We wouldn't want anyone else
talking about The God Account.
Other than that, you run your show.
I, um...
I... I don't know what to say.
Say you'll think about it.
"That's Amore." I love that song.
Didn't know it was a make-out song.
Okay, we didn't make out.
What are you, like, 12?
In times like this I
tend to revert back.
- I need details.
- Like, what?
Like, how was the kiss?
Are you going out again?
How was the kiss?
Okay, all right. The kiss was...
Pretty great.
And, yes, we're going out again,
but we both just feel like
this is something special
and we don't see the upside
in rushing into anything.
Okay...
This is a nice office. Quaint.
Mr. Hughes.
- So nice to meet you. I'm...
- Cara Bloom. Yes, I know.
Did you think I walked
in here by mistake?
Well, I thought it was a possibility.
It wasn't.
I've been meaning to swing
by to meet the journalist
who turned down the big job in features.
Not a bad way to catch the boss' eye.
Thank you?
- We should talk.
- Y... yeah, do you wanna...
No, I meant lunch.
- Tomorrow.
- Sure.
Do you mind telling me
what this is about?
Ah, what fun would that be?
My assistant, Lydia, will be in touch
with the details. See you then.
Uh, the editor-in-chief of "Catapult"
just asked you to lunch.
Yeah, question is why?
They have an area for the Civil War
and all the uniforms.
- They have a planetarium.
- What?
And they have a whole
wing just for dinosaurs.
Wow.
The only problem is, the
field trip costs $40.
I... I don't need to go.
Know what? You're gonna go.
It's a lot of money.
Well, it's a good thing that, uh,
I got the job interview tomorrow.
And once you get the job we
can move into our castle
and raise our flag.
Assuming we make it out
of here in one piece.
Did you hear that?
Dragons. Don't worry.
The king must be protected!
I am the dragon slayer!
- Oh, man, that was close.
- Sorry about that.
No, no, they don't
usually come down here.
How do you know?
I, too, am a dragon slayer.
But shh. Don't tell anyone.
I have to keep my identity a secret.
Hey, this is our stop, buddy.
How about you and I go to Metro Diner.
Celebrate my interview.
- Yes!
- Yeah?
- All right.
- And don't worry.
Your secret's safe with me.
I appreciate it.
Oh, hey. Good luck tomorrow.
Thank you!
_
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Congratulations again, Arthur.
We couldn't be prouder of
your nomination for bishop.
Thank you.
Like any election, Arthur,
there's a political side in all of this.
Which is why Lester asked me
to come in and talk to you.
You know, hoping my PR experience
might help to avoid any pitfalls.
I admit, this is all
very new to me so any
advice is appreciated.
During the walkabouts you'll be meeting
and answering questions
with parishioners
from every voting parish in the city.
I look forward to the challenge.
Good.
But there are sensitive topics.
Topics you want to, uh,
pivot away from if they come up.
Uh-huh.
I see.
You mean, uh,
my son who is an atheist and
my daughter who is gay.
Are these the pitfalls
we're talking about?
We're talking about concentrating
on all the wonderful
things you've done here
at Harlem Episcopal.
Making sure that's what people
take away from your candidacy.
I understand, but a lot of
the work that I've done here
is to make the church more inclusive
to everyone.
I assumed that that was a big part
of why the diocese chose me.
It is.
And if you become bishop,
think of how much more you can do.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, they seem really happy.
Any idea why the God
Account sent you his name?
Nope. All I know so far
is that he has a job interview tomorrow
that he seems pretty excited about.
Okay, so maybe we're supposed
to help him with his interview?
Maybe.
Speaking of interviews,
how did your meeting with FreeVerse go?
They love my podcast and they
don't want to change a thing.
That's great.
See, I knew it was just a matter of time
before someone realized
how amazing you are.
Um...
There is one thing.
They want exclusivity.
Well, I write about the people we help,
not the God Account.
That's the deal. Nothing's changed.
- I just wanted to make sure.
- Okay.
So did you say yes?
Not yet, but I think I'm going to?
All right, so dinner and
drinks to celebrate?
Wait, you mean, like, a second date?
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, uh,
I actually might have
some news of my own.
Um, I got invited to lunch
with the editor-in-chief of "Catapult."
Way to bury the lead.
Actually, the lead is, I have
no idea what it's about.
- Hey, they're leaving.
- Yeah, let's go.
Hey, it's only 7:30. We
still got a half hour.
It's a temporary no parking zone.
Hey, hey, hey.
Why don't you just give the guy a break?
Sorry, it's out of my hands.
Hey, it's the dragon slayer!
You can pick it up at the impound.
No, please, listen.
You don't understand.
You can't tow my car.
Okay, so there's nothing we can do?
- It's out of my hands.
- Come on, man.
We can work something out!
Hey, we can work something out!
Hey, man, let us help.
How about I call you a
Lyft to take you home?
That is our home.
It's $400.
What am I gonna do? I can't afford this.
Hey is... is there anyone you can call?
Family, maybe?
No, no.
Since my wife died it's just,
uh, it's just Max and me.
Where are we gonna sleep, Dad?
We're gonna figure something out, buddy.
Come on.
You know what? I'm gonna call us a Lyft,
we're gonna go down to the impound lot,
and I'm gonna get the car out for you.
You don't even know us.
True, but, um,
us dragon slayers
have to stick together, right?
Hey, look, I, uh, I
appreciate the offer,
but I don't... I don't take handouts.
On the train I overheard
you saying that you have
- a job interview tomorrow.
- Yeah.
After you get that job you pay me back.
It's a loan. Don't worry about it.
Look, it's gonna drop
below freezing tonight.
All right, I'm gonna pay you back.
I'm sure you will.
Hey, are you ready? I am starving.
Yeah, let me just, uh, grab my coat.
Everything okay?
I, uh, I met with Lester
and one of the other board members
to talk about election strategy.
And it didn't go well?
They suggested that it might be best
if I pretended not to
have an atheist son
and a gay daughter.
- What?
- Mm.
They said that?
They used the word, "pivot," but...
the message was clear.
I'm just disappointed.
Wait, are you thinking about
withdrawing your name?
I told Lester that I needed
more time to think about it.
Well, have you spoken
with Miles and Ali?
- No.
- Well,
this is a really big decision, Arthur.
Now, don't you think the two people
at the center of it should weigh in?
Hm.
Wait, excuse me! Come on, Max.
Hey, listen. I'm here to pick up my car.
We open at 8:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Happy to help you then.
Wait, is there any
possible way we could just
pay for it real quick?
It's very important.
Sorry, I already shut down the office.
Promised my kids that
I'd get home early.
Listen, I got an interview tomorrow.
Okay? So can I at least
grab my suit from the car?
Hey, you said you have kids,
right? Father to father.
I need this job, man.
You've got five minutes.
- All right.
- Back lot.
- I'm gonna help look.
- Okay, can you watch Max?
- Yeah, no problem.
- Dad, don't forget the flag!
All right, buddy!
Hey, what flag?
My mom and I made it before she died.
It has our family crest sewn into it.
You know what those are?
I do, but I don't think
I've ever met anyone
that had one. Very fancy.
Every castle has one and so will ours
once my dad gets that job.
Max seems like an amazing kid.
He is. You know, I don't think
most kids could handle
what he's been through
and still get excited
over dragons and flags.
Well, that's because he has a great dad.
- Ah, there we are.
- Oh.
Well, thank you, but that's all his mom.
You know, with Annie,
a ride on the subway could
turn into a hunt for spies.
Castle forts in the living
room on a rainy day.
I miss that.
How long has it been?
A little over a year.
It's cancer.
Even with insurance the bills
started to pile up fast.
After she passed, my
company was downsizing,
so I was let go.
Dominoes,
boy, they started to fall fast, then.
I am so sorry, man.
I pick up any odd jobs I can.
But with nobody to help me with Max,
my hours are limited.
That's why I need this job.
Hey, does...
does that flag have anything
to do with the game
that you two were playing on the train?
Yeah, my wife came up with it,
when she first got sick.
I just know that playing it helps Max to
keep his mind off of our reality.
That's all that really matters to me.
My father is the Reverend
at Harlem Episcopal.
Let me give him a call.
Maybe you two can stay at the shelter.
Thank you, but, so far
I've been able to shield
Max from that, so
I'm just gonna figure
something else out.
- Well, how about my place?
- Like I said,
- I don't accept charity.
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
No, my friend, it is not charity.
I am protecting my investment.
If you want to pay me back
you have to get that job.
And for that, you need
a good night's sleep.
Max was out before I even
turned off the light.
He hasn't slept in a
real bed in months, so,
thank you.
Happy to help.
I should get some rest.
Good night.
Good luck tomorrow.
Thank you.
You did a good thing, Miles.
I hope so.
You know, I think that
once he gets this job,
things are gonna turn around for them.
Yeah, me too.
- I should take off.
- Okay.
Good night.
Miles?
Hey, guys.
Rakesh, what are you doing here?
Dude, I just can't find
a connection between you and Simon.
So you came all the way down
here just to tell us that?
Oh, oops, um.
Um, my bad. I should have called.
This is, uh...
This is new territory for all of us.
- Just saying.
- Rakesh, just continue,
- please.
- Okay.
Um, so I have been looking
at your travel history,
social media footprint,
- credit card charges...
- Wait, wait, you looking
- at my credit card charges?
- Of course, yeah.
Kudos on your credit score, by the way.
Um, point is,
there has to be someone out there
who could connect Simon
and the God account.
- Okay, like who?
- Like, your dad.
No, Rakesh, trust me.
My dad does not know Simon Hayes.
Yeah, not personally.
Doesn't mean there isn't something
- that could connect them.
- I mean, you gotta admit,
your dad and his church have played
a pretty big role in all of this.
I guess it's possible.
A bunch of our Friend Suggestions
have had ties at Harlem Episcopal.
My Uncle T, Rachel, Aaron Booker, Heidi.
Mm-hmm.
So, think it's okay if I
talk to him about this?
About finding a connection between him
and the God Account? Yeah, good luck.
I'm gonna pay you back, Miles.
- Nah.
- No, no, no.
I give you my word.
I don't doubt that for a second.
Hey, that suit screams
experienced office worker
with attention to detail
and good people skills.
Well, I do hope the HR
person agrees with you.
Trust me, I'm sure they will.
Thank you, Miles.
Hello?
Yes.
He is. You sure?
No, no, no, no, I'm just, uh...
Okay. Okay, thank you.
That was Max's school.
He, uh... he's sick.
So they need me to come and get him.
Wait, you mean right now?
I mean, your job interview
is across town.
There's no way you're gonna
make it there in time.
You know what?
How about I pick him up. No problem.
You're not on the pickup list.
They'll only release him to me.
Hey, but don't worry about it.
Okay? I'll race down there, grab Max,
and hopefully they'll see
me if I'm not too late.
There must be something I can do.
Appreciate you, Miles.
You've done enough.
Thanks again.
Last call for Ben Evans.
Ben Evans.
Right here!
I'm Ben Evans.
- Thanks for coming in, Mr. Evans.
- Mm-hmm.
I have to admit, you're
younger than I expected.
Yes, I get that a lot.
I just mean, considering you
served two tours in Iraq.
Did you join the army
right out of high school?
Okay, yeah, um...
I'm gonna have to be
completely honest with you.
I'm not Ben.
- Excuse me?
- I'm a friend of Ben's.
Okay, he's running late, his
son got sick at school,
and he had to go pick him up.
And he asked you to come down
here and take his place?
Well, actually, no, that
was more of my idea,
which now I'm realizing
I probably should have
given it more thought.
Look, I appreciate you trying
to help your friend out,
but I have a very busy
day, and have to move on
- to the next interview.
- And I get that. I do.
But you're not gonna find
a better candidate, okay?
It's for a office manager, right?
- That's correct.
- Okay, which means
you're gonna need someone
who is a people person,
Someone who is positive.
Someone who can find
creative ways to keep people engaged
no matter how bad the situation.
And trust me, that's Ben.
Miles, what are you doing here?
Your friend just made a
very compelling argument
for why I shouldn't move on.
Have a seat. Let's talk.
Hey, uh, Max is in the lobby.
Would you mind sticking around?
Not at all.
So Cara,
I'm excited to finally get the chance
to sit down with one of my star writers.
Thank you.
I've read all your articles.
They're incredibly engaging.
It's like Humans of New
York meets Grand Design.
Plus, they feel personal.
Yeah, well, I've gotten to know
everyone I've written about,
spent time with them.
So yeah, it is personal.
If you don't mind me asking,
where are you finding them?
What I mean is, these
people you're profiling,
They don't seem random.
Well, a good journalist
never reveals their source.
Right.
You remind me of myself 20 years ago.
Always in search of
that next great story.
You know, the thing is,
the desire to find it,
it never leaves you.
For example,
I recently came across
a fascinating podcast.
It's called The Millennial Prophet.
Have you heard about it?
No. Is it any good?
Oh, it's addictive.
It's about an atheist who's
friended by somebody
claiming to be God on Facebook.
And they send him Friend Suggestions
of people in need of help.
People just like the ones
you're writing about.
So that's what this lunch is about?
Yeah.
See, I figured out where you
were getting your stories,
but what I can't figure out
is why you're not writing
the most important one.
I mean, who's behind the God Account.
Well, it's not my story to tell.
According to his podcast,
you guys are close to
uncovering God's identity.
Is that true?
Well, we do have two
pretty strong suspects.
Two? I've only heard of Henry Chase.
Who's the other one?
You'll have to keep
listening to find out.
I'd rather read about it.
A story like that
could put you on the map.
How are you feeling, Max?
You feeling better?
A little bit.
I just hope I didn't mess
up my dad's interview.
No, no, no, no. You didn't.
You know what? In fact,
I have a good feeling about it.
Like there's someone out there
who really wants your dad
to get the job.
- Thanks, Miles.
- And when that happens,
you can finally move into your castle
and hang your flag.
That's the plan.
Too bad there's no real
castles in New York.
What? Who told you that?
Nah.
Look.
You see that?
That castle is in New York City.
Snug Harbor.
My mom, she used to take
me there when I was a kid.
We would climb to the top of the castle
and look over the whole city.
You still go there with her?
Actually, she died when
I was about your age.
But the memories we made
are still with me, and they never leave.
So?
I got it.
Congratulations.
Listen, I owe it all to you, Miles.
When I get my first pay check,
I'll pay you back for the impound.
There is no rush, okay?
Once you get settled,
in your new castle with Max,
you can pay me back.
- That's a deal.
- Congratulations.
Rakesh? Come on in.
To what do I owe the honor?
Uh, I was just hoping you had a minute
to talk if that's all right?
Absolutely. Please, sit down.
So, what's on your mind?
God.
Well, not your God,
or my God, or, anyone else's God.
Uh, if there is a God.
No, um, I'm... I'm here
- about the God Account.
- Huh.
I'm trying to find a connection
between Miles and the person
we believe is behind the God Account.
Oh, who's that?
Simon Hayes.
I thought maybe you two
were connected, or...
at least your paths have crossed.
Well, no, they haven't.
I think I would remember
a famous tech billionaire
at Sunday services.
Yeah.
Kind of a long shot, I know.
You know, Rakesh, um...
The bible is filled with stories of God
choosing people to do his work,
but why he chose them is not
the important question.
But rather, the people
they're asked to help.
You mean our Friend Suggestions?
Mm.
So do you really think Simon Hayes
has a personal connection
to our Friend Suggestions?
Uh, that's what I'm gonna find out.
Trying to create an algorithm
to see if any of them
- ever crossed paths with him.
- Hm.
Speaking of, how's it going with Ben?
Oh, great. He got the job.
What? He did? Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't want to
interrupt your big lunch
with your editor-in-chief.
Hey, how did that go by the way?
Eh, fine. Good.
He just wanted to talk about a story.
- No big deal.
- Are you kidding?
That's a huge deal.
Yeah, he's right. What...
what's the story about?
No, it doesn't matter.
It's not right for me.
So tell me about Ben's job.
Well, he starts work
on Monday which means
he can finally afford a place
which means our work here is done.
- Almost done.
- Hm?
Oh, Max's flag.
He must have left it here by accident.
Uh, Ben said that he was
going to park his minivan
in Morningside Heights. Let's go.
Max.
Dad, I'm really proud of you.
We'll be in our castle in no time.
Can I help you, Officer?
Sir, please step outside the van.
We need to talk.
Can I ask what the problem is, Officer?
Yeah, I noticed you and your son
get into that van a few hours ago.
When I realized you hadn't
moved or left I got concerned.
Now I can see why. You're living in it.
- This is just temporary.
- Temporary or not,
I've got to report this
to Social Services.
Okay, wait, uh, please, just...
Listen, if you report me,
they'll take my son away.
All right, and I just got a job.
We're only in this van
until I find a new place.
Hey, um, excuse me. Ben,
is everything okay?
Look, Officer.
This is my friend, Miles.
Okay? He can vouch for me
about the job I was just talking about.
Look, I appreciate the
situation you're in,
but I got to report it.
What if we can guarantee
a roof over his head tonight?
Yeah, they can stay with me.
Okay, look, I... I get it, I get it.
You're very skeptical of me,
but my dad is the Reverend
at Harlem Episcopal,
and he has a shelter there.
He works with Social
Services all the time.
Your father is Reverend Finer?
Yeah, do you know him?
Yeah, I saw him speak
at the Widows and Children's
fundraiser last year.
Yeah!
I tell you what.
You get your father on the phone
to verify what you're saying,
and I'll let them stay together.
- Provided it's at the shelter.
- Absolutely.
And you still have to
report to Social Services
Monday morning to prove your employment,
and that you have a
long-term housing situation.
- Yes, sir.
- All right, now.
I made arrangements for you and
Max to stay at the shelter
until you find something permanent.
I also made calls
to some low income housing in the area
that you can afford with your new job.
Dad?
Are we gonna sleep in here
with all these people?
Yes we are, but it's okay
because they're looking for
a castle just like us.
There might even be some
dragon slayers among them.
You know what? He's right.
This church is over 100 years old,
and it's always been a safe
haven for dragon slayers,
so you have nothing to worry about.
- 100 years old?
- Mm-hmm.
Whoa.
I bet you could even
pick out your own bed.
Absolutely.
I don't know what to say.
You and your son's generosity,
it's a godsend.
Well, we certainly know that these days
it's easier than ever
to fall on hard times.
Yeah, when you have a run of bad luck
you start to wonder if
it's ever gonna work out.
But ever since meeting Miles and Cara,
things finally seem to be
heading in the right direction.
Miles got you working
on a Friend Suggestion?
Not quite. I'm trying to connect
all of our Friend
Suggestions to Simon Hayes
so I can finally prove
that his top secret project
is the God Account.
Why not just wait until
he shows it to you.
If you're running his
team, he can't keep you
in the dark about it forever.
The thing is, Ali,
I don't know if I am running his team.
What are you talking about?
All right, so last week
when you came to IdentitySeal,
I discovered that Henry
Chase was trying to destroy
the server that the top
secret project was on.
I was able to stop him when I created
this new security system that basically
kept him out for good.
Now I think that that's all
Simon Hayes ever wanted from me.
At least, that's how I've been feeling.
What if you're wrong?
What if everything he told you was true?
Why risk it?
Because I have to know.
That he's behind the God Account?
Or that you don't deserve
all of the good things
that are happening to you?
The promotion, Simon's respect.
I think it's easier for you
to look into a conspiracy
than it is for you to believe
that you actually deserve it.
Hey, Max.
Just wanted to say good-bye.
Hey, what's wrong? Where's your dad?
He got a phone call. He seemed upset.
Okay, you stay here.
We're gonna find out what's wrong.
Ben. Excuse me, I'm sorry.
Is everything okay?
Uh, no.
No. I, uh, just got a call
from Kaplan Industrial Supply.
They're taking back their job offer.
What? What happened?
The background check shows
I don't live at the address
that I gave them anymore.
They said I lied, so they can't hire me.
Man, look, I am so sorry,
but why didn't you just
tell them the truth?
Because the last job I applied to,
when I told them about
my living situation,
they said they couldn't hire anybody
without a permanent address.
It's like a cruel joke, man.
I can't get a home without a job.
Without a home, no one will hire me.
How the hell am I supposed to get myself
out of this situation?
Dad? Is everything okay?
Just, uh, just go back to your bed, Max.
Dad, you can't give up.
You'll get a job and
we'll find our castle.
There aren't no castles, Max!
Just... just go back to the bed.
I just play this game,
you know, with Max,
trying to protect him.
Guess I'm the one that
needs to face reality.
Because Monday morning
I'm supposed to be
at Social Services and
I am at square one.
I am not losing that kid.
Even if we have to leave town.
I'm not losing that kid.
No, look, you can't run now or
you will be running forever.
It's better that than losing Max.
Don't do anything until
you hear from us.
- Why, Miles...
- Just trust me.
Look, I appreciate you
wanting to help you friend
get back on his feet,
but he lied.
Right, but he lied because he's homeless
and every employer he has told that to
has not given him a shot.
Look, I right for "Catapult."
I'd be happy to do a piece on
how amazing this company is
to give a man like Ben a job
when no one else would.
It's the kind of PR money can't buy.
You're right, but unfortunately
we've already given the
job to someone else.
There must be something you can do.
Have Ben call me in a few weeks
and I'll see if we can
find him something.
That's not gonna work. He
needs a job by Monday.
I'm sorry. I wish I could help.
Hey, Dad...
Wait, what do you mean Max is gone?
He took his flag?
He went to go find a castle.
I know where he went.
Max! Max!
- I don't see him.
- Where could he be?
Max! Max?
Are you here! Max!
Hey, hey, don't worry. We'll find him.
- Max!
- Wait guys, look.
Max, hold on, okay! Your dad's coming!
- Max, come down here!
- Max!
Max, okay, just hold on, okay?
- Just... just step back.
- No! I gotta hang up
Mom's flag on the castle, first.
- Just wait, Max!
- I need to do this!
- No, you don't, Max!
- Yes, I do!
- Dad!
- I got you, buddy.
Oh, God.
Max, what were you thinking?
I wanted to show you
that castles were real.
That you can't give up.
We can still find ours.
You just have to believe.
I'm sorry, Max.
You know, I've tried to be
brave for you, you know?
To protect you.
To make you feel like this
is just one big adventure.
But maybe it's time for
you to see the world
as it really is.
For me to see it that way, too.
Dad, I know there's no
such thing as dragons.
I would never live in a real castle.
Why do you keep playing along, then?
Mom told me it was a
way I could remind you
that everything was going to be okay.
Yeah, she... she told
me the same thing, too.
So all this time I thought
I was protecting you,
turns out you were protecting me, huh?
God, I love you, Max.
Hey, you know what?
I promise you
that no matter what life may bring us
I will never give up on us again.
Ever.
Hey, you guys okay?
Yeah, yeah. Everyone's all right.
Excuse me, we heard a
commotion out here.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, my son went up onto the roof.
I had to go get him down.
I'm sorry I wasn't here to stop him.
We've been short staffed this past week.
One of our guys just retired
and we haven't found a replacement, so.
So does that mean you're
looking for someone?
Yeah, we just need somebody
with the right experience
and background.
Would military experience qualify?
Absolutely.
All right. Well, you hear that, Ben?
- You serve?
- Two tours in Iraq.
No kidding. I served in Iraq too.
First Armored. You?
Third Infantry.
And I just so happen to
be looking for a job.
Come by our office tomorrow.
Maybe we can work something out.
Thank you.
Oh, and, um, thanks for coming by.
Oh, and I'm glad everything
worked out with Ben and Max.
Yeah, me too.
So, Dad, what did you
want to talk to us about?
Um...
I've decided I'm not going to
accept the bid for bishop.
- What?
- Why?
Dad, this is what you've always wanted.
As is often the case with things,
the dream is far more
appealing than reality.
Did something happen?
Lester and the board believe
that in order to garner
the support in the election,
I should shy away
from talking about my personal life.
But I will never
shy away from you two.
You are the greatest
achievement of my life.
Yeah.
But I get what Lester's saying.
- You do?
- Mm-hmm.
Absolutely.
If you have to avoid talking
about our family, who cares?
I don't understand. I mean,
how could both of you be okay with this?
Because there is no other
reverend out there
as experienced and open-minded
and as good and decent as you.
You've already reached so many
people from your pulpit here.
Just think of what you can
do on a bigger stage.
Yeah, play the political game, Dad.
Okay, we know who you are
and what you stand for.
And when you become bishop,
everyone else will, too.
Hm.
Lately I have been thinking
about the meaning of home
and I realize that home
can be so much more
than just a roof over your head.
Home can be that feeling you have
when everything in life
finally comes together.
Or a place
that you can fill with
beautiful memories.
Ahh.
I can't thank you guys enough
for everything you've done.
You're welcome.
Hey, Max, I know this
tiny place is no castle,
but it's a start.
Dad, this is a castle.
Well, let's plant that flag.
Now, home isn't always guaranteed.
It's something you might
have to fight hard for.
Even sacrifice for.
So, Arthur,
have you made a decision?
Let's proceed.
You won't regret it.
Something that needs to be
preserved and protected.
Just read your piece
on New York City's new park ranger.
It's well crafted, heartwarming article.
Glad you liked it.
It's great.
But it's not the story that's gonna take
your career to the next level, Cara.
Look, I'm sorry, but I'm not gonna write
about Miles and the God Account.
You know, you told me
that a good journalist
doesn't reveal their source.
They also don't let personal feelings
get in the way of a great story.
Because there is nothing better
than having a place that you can share
with the people you love.
I mean, I still can't believe
that we managed to find
Ben a home and he gets
to guard and actual castle.
Yeah, I'm excited for him.
Just about as excited as
I am for our next date.
I was thinking Thai food?
- Yes.
- Okay.
You know, I think we were
interrupted earlier.
Yeah. Yeah, we were.
Guys, guys! I got huge news!
Oh, boy.
Really got to work on your timing, dude.
Yeah, I know.
But I did it.
My algorithm, it found a
link between Simon Hayes
and one of our Friend Suggestions.
- Who?
- So five years ago
Simon Hayes goes to New
York Presbyterian Hospital
for a bone marrow transplant, right?
Turns out, the surgeon
who did the procedure:
John Dove.
My first Friend Suggestion?
If John Dove saved Simon's life
maybe that's why he sent
you his name first.
His way of returning the favor.
So that means Simon Hayes
really could be behind the God Account?
Not could be.
Is.
We got him.
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org